 1.What does git add do?

  git add is a command that stages changes in your working directory for the next commit.
  It tells Git which changes you want to include in the next commit. You can specify individual files, 
  directories, or use . to add all changes.

2.What is the use of -u (setting the upstream)?

  The -u option (or --set-upstream) is used with the git push command to set the upstream branch for the current local branch.
 This means that it establishes a tracking relationship between your local branch and a remote branch, 
  allowing you to use simpler commands like git push and git pull without specifying the remote and branch names.

3.What is a commit?

  A commit in Git is a snapshot of your project's files at a specific point in time.
  Each commit has a unique identifier (hash) and includes information about the changes made, the author,
  and a commit message describing what was done.
  Commits allow you to track the history of your project and revert to previous states if necessary.

4. What is git pull?

  git pull is a command that fetches changes from a remote repository and merges them into your current branch. 
  It is essentially a combination of git fetch (which retrieves updates from the remote) 
  and git merge (which integrates those updates into your current branch).

5. What is a branch?

  A branch in Git is a pointer to a specific commit in the repository's history.
  It allows you to work on different versions of your project simultaneously.
  By creating branches, you can develop features, fix bugs,
  or experiment without affecting the main codebase (usually the main or master branch).

6. What is a merge conflict?

  A merge conflict occurs when Git is unable to automatically resolve differences between two branches during a merge operation. 
  This typically happens when changes have been made to the same line of a file or when one branch modifies a file that another branch has deleted.
  When a merge conflict occurs, Git requires manual intervention to resolve the conflicting changes.

7. Write command to clone remote repository

  git clone <repository-url>
  Replace <repository-url> with the URL of the remote repository you want to clone.

8. Write command to connect your local repository to remote repository

  git remote add origin <repository-url>
  Replace <repository-url> with the URL of your remote repository.

9. Write command to push your local repository latest commits to remote repository (for the first time)

  git push -u origin <branch-name>
  Replace <branch-name> with the name of your current branch (e.g., main, master, or any other branch name).

10. Write command to pull updated changes from remote repository

  git pull origin <branch-name> 
 Replace <branch-name> with the name of your current branch.