1. What command initializes a new Git repository?

      git init
   

2. How do you clone an existing repository from GitHub?

      git clone <repository-url>
   
   Replace <repository-url> with the URL of the GitHub repository.

3. How do you check the remote URL of your repository?

      git remote -v
   

4. How do you check the current status of files in your repository?

      git status
   

5. How do you stage a single file for commit?

      git add <file-name>
   
   Replace <file-name> with the name of the file you want to stage.

6. How do you stage all modified files at once?

      git add .
   

7. What command is used to commit staged changes with a message?

      git commit -m "Your commit message here"
   

8. Which command shows the differences between unstaged changes and the last commit?

      git diff
   

9. How do you see the differences for files that are already staged for commit?

      git diff --cached
   

10. Which command displays the commit history?

        git log
    

11. How do you show commit history in one line per commit?

        git log --oneline
    

12. How do you list all local branches?

        git branch
    

13. How do you create a new branch?

        git branch <new-branch-name>
    
    Replace <new-branch-name> with the desired name for your new branch.

14. How do you switch to an existing branch?

        git checkout <branch-name>
    
    Replace <branch-name> with the name of the branch you want to switch to.

15. How can you create a new branch and switch to it at the same time?

        git checkout -b <new-branch-name>
    

16. How do you merge a branch into your current branch?

        git merge <branch-name>
    
    Replace <branch-name> with the name of the branch you want to merge.

17. What happens if there are conflicting changes during a merge?

    If there are conflicting changes, Git will pause the merge process and mark the files with conflicts. You will need to manually resolve these conflicts before completing the merge.

18. What command is used to pull changes from the remote repository?

        git pull origin <branch-name>
    

19. What command is used to push your local commits to the remote repository?

        git push origin <branch-name>
    

20. What should you do if git pull says “Your local changes would be overwritten by merge”?

    You should either commit your local changes, stash them using git stash, or discard them if they are not needed before proceeding with the pull.

21. What is a Git conflict?

    A Git conflict occurs when two branches have made changes to the same line in a file or when one branch deletes a file that another branch has modified, preventing Git from automatically merging them.

22. When does a conflict occur?

    A conflict occurs during a merge or rebase operation when Git cannot automatically resolve differences between two branches due to overlapping changes in the same file(s).